README.md, before:


Title: European News Service

---

Aim:

#UX
Target audience:

Layout:


Wireframes:


USER STORIES


#Technologies

HTML/HTML5
CSS/CSS3
JavaScript

Frameworks:
Bootstrap
jQuery

External sources imported to the project:

BootstrapCDN
popper.js
Google fonts
Font awesome
Online IDE:

GitPod
Hosting service:

GitHub
Knowledgeable resources which supported Anna during her work:

www3school
stackoverflow
Code Institute lerning materials


External code sources implemented and modified:


#Testing
HTML Validator

CSS Validator


Manual Testing

Webpage and its responsiveness was tested on follwoing browsers:
Chrom
FireFox
Edge
Internet Explorer


TESTING THE FEATURES


#Deployment
The webpage is hosted on github with one master branch: github.com

git add .
git commit -m "name"
git push
All commends were made as the work incrementation was made progressively and prevented from any code incrementation loss.

GitHub Pages

To deploy a website on GitHub Pages, follow these steps:

Go to Anna's repository
Click on Settings
Scrolling down you will find GitHub Pages
Click on the Source dropdown menu
Select master branch
Should appear a green message saying Your site is published at
To create a local development repository, follow these steps:

Go to Anna's repository
Click on the Clone or download
Click the check list icon on the right of the newly opened window to clone the repository using HTTPS
Open Terminal
Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made
Type git clone and paste the URL you copied in step 3 and run the command
Credits
Anna have joined Code Institue to leran as much as she can from she believes best teachers, tutors and mentors and that will give Anna the opportuinity to join IT work environment after the graduation of CI programme.

#Content

- https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_sticky_header.asp
- https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_scroll_to_top.asp
- https://startbootstrap.com/snippets/sticky-footer-flexbox/

- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons" title="Smashicons">Smashicons</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a>
---

Enjoy!

Commit message:

fixed categories for small size

README.md, after:


Title: European News Service

---

Aim: To get updated with the lastest news from choosen countries and within six categories.

#UX
Target audience:

Layout:


Wireframes:


USER STORIES
- As a user I want to see news from the default country as I open the webpage.
- As a user I want to be able to choose from which country I want to read the news from.
- As a user I want to 


#Technologies

HTML/HTML5
CSS/CSS3
JavaScript

Frameworks:
Bootstrap

External sources imported to the project:

BootstrapCDN
popper.js
Google fonts
Font awesome
Online IDE:

GitPod
Hosting service:

GitHub
Knowledgeable resources which supported Anna during her work:

www3school
stackoverflow
Code Institute lerning materials


External code sources implemented and modified:


#Testing
HTML Validator

CSS Validator


Manual Testing

Webpage and its responsiveness was tested on follwoing browsers:
Chrom
FireFox
Edge
Internet Explorer


TESTING THE FEATURES


#Deployment
The webpage is hosted on github with one master branch: github.com

git add .
git commit -m "name"
git push
All commends were made as the work incrementation was made progressively and prevented from any code incrementation loss.

GitHub Pages

To deploy a website on GitHub Pages, follow these steps:

Go to Anna's repository
Click on Settings
Scrolling down you will find GitHub Pages
Click on the Source dropdown menu
Select master branch
Should appear a green message saying Your site is published at
To create a local development repository, follow these steps:

Go to Anna's repository
Click on the Clone or download
Click the check list icon on the right of the newly opened window to clone the repository using HTTPS
Open Terminal
Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made
Type git clone and paste the URL you copied in step 3 and run the command
Credits
Anna have joined Code Institue to leran as much as she can from she believes best teachers, tutors and mentors and that will give Anna the opportuinity to join IT work environment after the graduation of CI programme.

#Content

- https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_sticky_header.asp
- https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_scroll_to_top.asp
- https://startbootstrap.com/snippets/sticky-footer-flexbox/

- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons" title="Smashicons">Smashicons</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon"> www.flaticon.com</a>
- Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a>
---

Enjoy!
